Iterating on the HIP description (#721)
hashgraph/hedera-improvement-proposal: HIP/hip-721.md

HIP will enable the application to decide whether to act on the transactions generated by the older software version,
or if those transactions should be ignored. If this feature is not implemented, the application will not know when 
it is receiving events that have been generated by a different software version and would attempt to handle them in 
the same way.

https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-services/issues/6026

## User stories

* This is an internal platform feature and will not be something the users interact with directly. However, the
  following user story illustrate the benefit of this feature:
    * John submits a transaction just before the mainnet undergoes a software upgrade. When John comes back after the
      software upgrade to check on the status of his transaction, he can see whether the transaction came to
      consensus and was handled after the upgrade. If the transaction failed to be handled, John can be given a more
      specific reasons as to why the transaction failed.

## Specification

The binary serialization format for events will be updated to include the software version. The in-memory `Event`

> interface will have a new method `getSoftwareVersion()` that returns the software version. This API change will affect

Author: ```suggestion
interface will have a new method `getSoftwareVersion()` that returns the `SoftwareVersion`. This API change will affect
```
